        LICENSE AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WARRANTY

                               
This disc contains scripts, programs, and VHDL/Verilog source
code (hereinafter the "SOFTWARE") written by Dr. Uwe Meyer-Baese
and copyrighted by Springer-Verlag Berlin-Heidelberg-New York
(hereinafter the "COMPANY").  Because your payment of the
license fee, which is part of the price you paid for this
product, the COMPANY grants you a nonexclusive right to use the
enclosed SOFTWARE on a single computer as long as you comply
with the terms of this Agreement. This terms include:

 1. You must not reproduced and sell the SOFTWARE for profit.
 2. You may not make more than a single copy of the SOFTWARE for backup.
 3. Do not display the SOFTWARE on the world wide web.
 4. You may not modify, adapt, or translate to create derivative
    commercial products based on the SOFTWARE without prior written
    consent of the COMPANY.

If you do not agree with these terms and conditions do not use
the SOFTWARE. Non-commercial use of the SOFTWARE is free.  You
are welcome to use the source code for research or teaching
purpose, but you must then include this Agreement with the code.
If you modify the code for your own research, it would be polite
to acknowledge the COMPANY and the author as the source of the
original code with a comment.  For example,

VHDL

  -- Original source Copyright Springer-Verlag Berlin-Heidelberg-New York
  -- Author of original VHDL code: Dr. Uwe Meyer-Baese   
  -- Modified by: your name here 

Verilog

  // Original source Copyright Springer-Verlag Berlin-Heidelberg-New York
  // Author of original VHDL code: Dr. Uwe Meyer-Baese   
  // Modified by: your name here   

If your use of this SOFTWARE is leading to a publication the
author would appreciate a short (bibliographic) e-mail note at
Uwe.Meyer-Baese@ieee.org.



                            NO WARRANTY

THE ENCLOSED SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTY.  NEITHER THE AUTHOR, THE SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS
NOR SPRINGER-VERLAG MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, OR WARRANTY, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, THEIR QUALITY,
ACCURACY, OR FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT UNLESS
REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA
BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD
PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

        

          END OF LICENSE AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WARRANTY 

